---
title: "Project description"
date: 2019-06-26T13:14:12+08:00
featured_image: "/images/genas_temp_logo.jpg"
menu:
  main: {}
---

Nowadays, more and more diseases threaten people's living condition. As a result, people always find it necessary to go to the hospital for physical examination in order to comprehend their health level. Thus, health monitoring recently becomes a way that the public count on to detect their health level, which can be a burden to some people while it is not only time-consuming, laborious and inconvenient to go to the hospital for physical examination, but also more troublesome that people usually cannot understand the meaning of the various index on the medical examination report very well. Generally speaking, human diseases can often be observed by the concentration of a index in the body, with high and low thresholds. Therefore, the essence of our project is to build a general-duty platform to detect disease index, like intestinal inflammation, blood glucose and blood fat. Conventional detection is usually a single value for a single index. Our platform can sense various concentration ranges of the same index, which then be divided into diverse levels. This shows which level the concentration of the index is in and thus indicates the health degree. The results were characterized by different fluorescent proteins, which will emit different color at different stages. For example, If the concentration of the index is in the first level of intensity then our device will show a type of color. If the concentration is enough intense to reach the second level, our system will inverse the first protein and deactivate it and activate a second protein which will appear to be a different color than the first level. In this way, we create a range detector and the output signal is easy to be seen and understood with naked eyes. We hope that the model we made will one day help the people who want to detect hidden danger of their health. Our product is more convenient and simpler to use as it is compared to the hospital’s examination. With our products, measurements can be made at home. Moreover, we use simple and clear colors as the expression of the concentration range of the index, which avoid the troubles caused by misunderstanding the meaning of the statistics on the medical examination reports.
	
Furthermore, we strongly wish to provide the concept of this biological detection to the future medical detection area and make a great contribution to the whole society.
